You beg tears rolling down your cheeks as he stops with a deep chuckled. He pulled out of you making you cry out in pain and relief. It was short lived when Negan flipped you over your face getting shoved into the bed. 

"You ready?" Negan asked rubbing his thumb over your ass hole for a second making you almost shriek in terror. He didn’t give you a chance to answer before he shoved his length back inside of you going deeper than last time. You cry out in pain for a moment before an odd feeling of intense pleasure took over your senses. He grunted thrusting faster into the same intense spot, keeping your vision dark, increasing the uncontrollable pressure. It was almost too much, your body being torn apart by Negan, then a weird part of you wanting him to go faster.

“I can feel you about to come. Do you want a little help?” Negan purred, rubbing your ass with his palm.

“What do you mean?” You mumbled into the mattress, half your mouth covered. A sharp pain shot through you so intense it that your orgasm flooded your body on that pain. You trembled as you clenched and contracted around Negan’s giant cock and his large finger shoved in your ass hole.

“What the FUCK!” You scream; the pleasure increased as Negan thrust harder and deeper, his cock twitching wildly inside of you hitting new and different angles. Then he pushed his finger in and out of you, in rhythm with his cock. You screamed out, more waves of pleasure racing through you, as Negan bucked like a mad man.

“Fuck (Y/N)!” Negan yells, thrusting and swelling inside of you, pushing against your cervix as he releases his hot semen inside of you. You gasp, trying to clear your mind from the dizzying ecstasy still pulsing through your body.

“Jesus fucking Christ doll. This pussy is something fucking special," Negan grunted, pulling his finger out of your ass in a sharp jerking motion, making you cry out in pain. He was silent for a moment, just sitting there, feeling your walls clench and move around his shaft.

"I couldn’t fucking bring myself to pull out." He whispered, rubbing your ass and back for just a moment.

"When was the last time you had a period?” Negan asked seriously, still buried inside of you, blocking all his sperm.

“About a week and a half ago.” You wince, feeling him push his cock deeper for a moment before he pulled out of you agonizingly slowly.

“Then I guess we are gonna have to wait and see, but you might get a first-class ticket to stay in my fucking room for the rest of your life doll face.” Negan said, sounding kind of happy about it.

“What are you talking about?” You shake your head, trying to sit up and face your husband.

“(Y/N), I just came deep inside of your tight little pussy with no condom. You’re not on the pill, are you?” Negan asked casually, pulling his pants back on as your world was being crushed yet again. He looked up, shaking his head as he yanked your hands up to pull the belt from your wrists, along with your torn bra and dress. He tossed you his T-shirt instead, still studying your very sour expression.

“Judging by your grumpy ass face, you are not. So, there is a very big possibility you will get pregnant since I just fucked you brain dead.” Negan laughed, walking out of the room, leaving you to cry alone to yourself, wondering what the fuck was going to happen next.
