His fingers work a steady rhythm, adding more pressure to the sensitive bud. Your eyes close, focusing on just what his hand is doing.

"Oh no baby, look at me while I finger fuck you," he demands in a soft voice. You open your eyes to look deep into his just as he sinks a finger inside of you.

"Oh," you shudder with need. His finger pulls out to the tip before going deeper, curling to touch your G-spot.

"So wet and ready for me," he moans, adding another finger. You rise up on your toes from the full feeling. His thumb goes to your clit, circling it before you could get away. You moan softly, your eyes fluttering closed again as his fingers work a steady rhythm.

"Look at me," he orders, his free hand grabbing your chin to look up at him. You open your eyes with desire. His thumb slows its rhythm, making you whine.

"Beg me for it. Then I'll let you cum on this big cock," he chuckles, pushing his fingers against your G-spot. You gasp, arching into the tree with enough force to make it shake.

"Negan, please," you whine, rubbing your legs together on his hand. He chuckles again, lightly adding pressure to your clit. You whimper, needing to cum, your heat almost burning you alive.

"No, tell Daddy what you want. Specifically," Negan growls low in his chest. Your eyebrows shoot together, not wanting to sink that low with a stranger. His fingers completely stop, making you growl at him in frustration.

"Please, I want your cock to make me cum. Fuck me, Negan. I'm begging you," you yell out, your legs grinding on his hand. He chuckles, removing his hand to grab your waist.

You were lifted and turned before you could even blink. Your knees hit the grass first, then your hands dig into the earth next. He was quick to mount you from behind, his already hard cock rubbing up and down your soaking slit.

"Say it again. Louder," he commanded, slapping your ass with a free hand. You gasp out, bucking into his thick shaft and hips.

"Negan, fuck me!" you scream into the trees, your shameful words echoing around. He shoved himself to your hilt, bouncing your body forward. You groaned in pleasure and pain, not used to being with a man as thick as him.

"Fuck, Doll face, you're tighter than a drum," he says, reading your mind. He pulled out halfway to buck deeper inside of you. You arch into the feel of him against your butt and thighs. His hands wrap around your hips, using your back to rock you harder back and forth.

Your fingers dig into the grass, pulling some of it out with intense need. Your core throbbed every time he went back inside of your walls. Your hair fell around your face, casting a shadow in your vision. You focus on the feeling of your orgasm building quickly.