I quickly picked up my clothes and headed to the bathroom to change.

"Remember you have to stay full of my cum all day. If you come out dry I will fuck again," Negan said just before I entered the bathroom. Blushing, I felt wetter than usual between my legs and slammed the door in frustration.

Luckily, I hadn't had anything to drink in almost 2 days, so my bladder was empty. I started putting on my underwear, feeling uncomfortable with the slow leakage of cum. Trying to ignore it, I thought to myself that Negan won't be with me 24/7; he can't control everything. Putting on my clean clothes helped calm me down a little.

When I left the bathroom, Negan grabbed my throat and pinned me to the wall. Gasping, I reached up to the hand choking me, not noticing his other hand. He quickly slid his fingers between my wet lips.

"Mmmm, good girl," he purred, his hazel eyes locked onto mine. I winced as he shoved two fingers inside of me, making more cum leak from my walls. I pleaded, "Stop!" glaring at him. He chuckled, withdrawing from my pants, and leaned forward to kiss me aggressively. I squirmed, feeling his beard on my skin, different from Rick's. Negan's tongue poked against my closed lips before he let me go and stepped back.

"I love good girls. I've decided to show you around your temporary home, help make sure you're comfortable while you're here," he said, smiling as he put on his jacket. Still feeling his lips on mine, I closed my eyes, letting a single tear roll down my cheek as he zipped the jacket and wrapped the scarf around his neck. "Let go before I throw you on the bed again."

I sighed, another tear falling, but I followed him out of the bedroom, my head hung low. He grabbed Lucille, opened the main door, and held it open for me to step into the dim hallway.

I keep pissing Negan off, so he has to punish me to make sure I know who is in charge.

It felt like we had walked for miles up and down the different stairs and into different rooms. It was impossible to map this place out from the inside.

"This is where my men buy extra supplies," Negan stated, looking into the metal bars. It was kind of like a store with different hygiene products and knick-knacks.

"Henry, I need a pack of razors and some AA batteries, please," Negan requested from the man inside the cage. Henry slid the supplies across the counter, giving me a once-over with his eyes. Feeling vulnerable under the new man's gaze, I blushed, and Negan barked, "Eyes to yourself, dick breath," before yanking me down the hall. When we were alone in another plain hallway, he tossed the razors at me. I caught the package, looking at Negan.

"Why did you get these? You don't shave," I asked, confused and looking up at his smirking face.

"I noticed you were a little bushy down there. If you want more surprises like this morning, you got to shave that," he chuckled as my face turned bright red. I scoffed, turning away from him, debating on destroying the razors.

"I like it like that! It keeps unwanted guests away," I growled, trying to control some small part of my life.

"It's not a request, darling, and if you won't do it by yourself, I can easily tie you down and do it for you," he threatened, as my cheeks grew hotter.

I kept my head down the rest of the tour, trying not to piss him off anymore. He led me past people of all ages and races, every one of them kneeling for this lunatic. He showed me off like a prize stolen from Alexandria to all of them, making me feel worse. I was deep in thought when I smelled food, making my stomach growl loudly again.

"Oh, are you hungry, little lamb? All you have to do is ask for some food," Negan smiled, stopping before two double doors where the smell was coming from. I gulped as the smell made my mouth water too much.

"Can I eat, please?" I asked, feeling like a child. He smirked, leaning up against the wall with his arms crossed.

"I'm sorry, are you talking to me? I did like the please, though, it almost made me consider it," he mocked, making me grind my teeth together.

"Please, Negan, may I have some food?" I asked again, not wanting to argue over a basic human right. He smiled, running his tongue over his bottom lip.

"Sure, darlin, here, have something to drink first," he stood up from the wall, setting Lucille down next to him, then his gloved hands went to the front of his pants, unzipping them loudly. I closed my eyes, wanting to be anywhere but here.

"Don't make me do this, please," I whispered, a tear running down my cheek. His hand grabbed my -