'She's right! Everybody's dead! This whole world's dead for no reason!' 

Zoe's freaking out, screaming and raving, and Jayne's voice has a level of scared that Mal's never heard in it before. It couldn't ever be said that he's a thinking man, but he can tell he's thinking now, imagining a thousand things too horrible for words, same way they all are. He and River are both tense, poised for action, but there's no enemy here that Mal can see, just acres of shiny white prosperity filled up with slow death.

Mal wishes like hell he was back on Serenity.

He'd never, not in a million years, have thought that he could miss anything about that ship, where blood and fire and horror had rained down on them all without respite. He'd captained his way through that universe without ever giving himself a moment to think about anything except dodging the next bullet; sticking to Zoe and following orders had replaced all the thinking and debating and doubt he'd been partial to before the war. Doubt got you killed: the only way was to keep on, stick to your guns. Once it was over he'd locked all that up in a dark corner of himself and sworn never to revisit it again.

Now he's standing here under the bleaching light of a world gone wrong and thinking that there's worse things after all than running in a war you've got no chance of winning.

Because through all that horror, they'd had a ship. True, it might have been barely held together, but there'd been the mission. A captain's job was to make the calls, and damnit if Mal hadn't made the calls. Truth was, by the end it was him and Zoe issuing the orders, but Zoe had chosen to carry that burden. Mal had led, and Zoe had followed Mal. And if the whole thing made him sick to his stomach by the end, well. At least his crew had chosen to fly with him.

Mal stands there amidst his crewmates and knows none of them chose this. He's no doubt the Alliance is painting them as some kind of guerilla ship, when the truth is all they've done is run and keep on running. Now there's nowhere left to run, nothing left to do but turn and fight. And maybe that wouldn't be so bad, except there's nothing here to fight. No chance of going down in battle, just death and menace pressing down on them from all sides. And Zoe is standing beside him, just like she's stood by every decision he's ever made, but there are no decisions to be made now, not even the kind you make up just so's you can keep flying for another couple of hours. He still believes in her, he truly does, because he can see how all their choices led to the day where this was the only place they could have ended up, but he can tell she's lost for words now. If even Zoe can't find the orders which will keep them pushing on, keep them flying for another day, they're humped.

River's words hang in the air for what seems an age. And then, miraculously, Wash speaks.

'Let's get to the beacon.'

He's resolute in a way he hasn't seen since the day they took off from Persephone, and Mal realises that for Wash, this is a mission. He's quibbled and doubted and flouted Mal's orders through a million jobs, but now at last he's the one who sees the clear path while Mal's still looking for any kind of route at all. There's a distress beacon out there somewhere, so they have to get to it. They none of them expect to find anything alive on this godforsaken world, but Mal knows that that's not the concern for his pilot. There's a call for help? Then they answer it.

What they do then is up to them.