--'She's right! Everybody's dead! This whole world's dead for no reason!' 

River's in a frenzy, yelling and ranting, and Jayne sounds scared in a way that Zoe's never heard before. He may not be a thoughtful man, but she can feel him thinking now, imagining countless unimaginable horrors, just like the rest of them. Both Mal and Zoe are on edge, ready for action, but Zoe can't see any enemy here, only vast expanses of shining white opulence filled with slow death.

Zoe wishes she were back in the army.

She never would have thought that she could miss anything about that valley of death, where blood, fire, and horror had rained down on them relentlessly. She had fought her way through that war without ever giving herself a moment to think about anything except dodging the next bullet; sticking to Mal and following orders had replaced all the thinking and debating she used to engage in before the war. Doubt got you killed: the only way was to keep going, stick to your guns. Once it was over, she had locked all that up in a dark corner of herself and sworn never to revisit it again.

Now she's standing here under the harsh light of a world gone awry, and thinking that there are worse things after all than fighting in a war you have no chance of winning.

Because throughout all that horror, they had been an army. Sure, they might have been serving under generals who barely knew they existed, but there had been the mission. A soldier's job was to follow orders, and Zoe had followed orders. Truth was, by the end, it was her and Mal issuing the orders, but Mal had chosen to bear that burden. Zoe had followed Mal and carried others along with her as best she could. And if the whole thing had made her sick to her stomach by the end, well, at least their soldiers had chosen to fight in that war.

Zoe stands there among her crewmates and knows that none of them chose this. She has no doubt the Alliance is painting them as some kind of guerrilla army, when all they have done is run and keep on running. Now there's nowhere left to run, nothing left to do but turn and fight. And maybe that wouldn't be so bad, except there's nothing here to fight. No chance of going down in battle, just death and menace pressing down on them from all sides. And Mal is leading this mission, just like he's led every mission she's ever been on, but there are no orders to be had now, not even the kind you make up just to keep breathing for a few more hours. She still believes in him, she truly does, because she can see how all their choices led to the day where this was the only place they could have ended up, but she can tell he's lost for words now. If even Mal can't find the orders which will keep them pushing on and breathing for another day, they're in trouble.

Jayne's words linger in the air for what seems like an eternity. And then, miraculously, Wash speaks.

'Let's get to the beacon.'

He's resolute in a way she hasn't seen since the day he insisted on walking right back into Niska's lair, and Zoe realizes that for Wash, this is a mission. He's quibbled, doubted, and flouted Mal's orders through a million jobs, but now he's the one who sees the clear path while she's still looking for any kind of route at all. There's a distress beacon out there somewhere, so they have to get to it. They don't expect to find anything alive on this forsaken planet, but Zoe knows that that's not a concern for her husband. There's a call for help? Then they answer it.

What they do then is up to them.--