Negan said right before I entered the bathroom. I blushed feeling wetter than normal in between my legs. I walked in slamming the door in frustration. Luckily I hadn't had anything to drink in almost 2 days so my bladder was empty. I started to put my underwear on feeling uncomfortable about the cum slowly leaking from me. I tried to ignore it thinking Negan won't be with me 24/7 he can't control everything. I put my clean clothes on helping calm me down a little. When I left the bathroom Negan grabbed my throat pinning me to the wall. I gasped reaching up the hand chocking me not noticing his other hand. He shoved his hand in my pants quickly sliding his fingers between my wet lips. "Mmmm good girl." He purred his hazel eyes locked onto mine. I winced feeling him go deeper to shove two fingers inside of me. I tried to shut my legs his hand making more cum leak from my walls. "Stop!" I choke out glaring at him. He chuckles withdrawing from my pants to lean forward kissing me aggressively. I squirmed feeling his beard on my skin different from Rick's. Negan's tongue poked against my closed lips before he let me go stepping back. "I love good girls. I've decided to show you around your temporary home. Help make sure your comfortable while your here." He smiled pulling his jacket on. I looked away still feeling his lips on mine. I closed my eyes letting a single tear roll down my cheek. He zipped the jacket then wrapped the scarf around his neck. "Let go before I throw you on the bed again." I sighed another tear falling, but I followed him out of the bedroom my head hung low. He grabbed Lucille opening the main door holding it open for me to step into the dim hallway. I keep pissing Negan off so he has to punish me to make sure I know who is in charge. I felt like we had walked for miles up and down the different stairs and into different rooms. It was impossible to map this place out from the inside. "This is my ---- looking for any signs of disloyalty. You keep fidgeting because of the soreness still left from Negan last night, Dwight was staring at you were Negan couldn't see him doing it. You caught his eyes on your still hard nipples everytime you knew someone was looking at you, you couldn't stop them from growing harder. Dwight smiled at my obvious discomfort from the actions of the day so far. I have not noticed anyone lying to Negan per say but you had seen a few white lies being told every now and again. He finished with the last Savior from the last run getting info from all angles of the run. We walked closer to the cafeteria making you nervous. You haven't been in major public in your attire yet the thought of it making you want to puke. "Hey, D go get us some breakfast will ya?" Negan asked stopping before going into the full room pulling you beside him out of view of anyone else but him. "Sure boss." Dwight muttered walking into the loud room then it was quite again. "Anything yet?" He asked his head lowering to your ear before he kissed your neck softly. You name off the few white lies you had noticed mostly about what had been found. The suspects probably found something small that they felt they had earned and didn't turn it in like they were supposed to. Negan pulled back when you were done talking. He had a deadly serious face on no sign of usual playful man you are used to. "Do you think they should be punished?" His voice was low and threatening. Making your start to get frightened just looking up at him so close to you. "I would go on the next run and catch them red handed." You say slowly trying to show no weakness. "Will you come with me?" He asked leaning closer to you his lips so very close to yours. "I will follow any order you give me." You say not wanting to piss him off as you try to back away from his mouth a little. "Ok, then you better fucking believe you coming with me. I've always wanted to ---- 