--in the bathroom, but he hadn't thought that he was drunk enough to not notice that Vincent had been drinking way too much for his own good. He decided that he would have to take the man back home before he did something truly shameful like strip and dance on the bar or have a heartfelt conversation about his feelings or something.

"Alright, Vince, that's enough for today," he said firmly, grabbing the gunman's arm and hoisting him to his feet. "I'm takin' you home."

"Wha'? No way, I'm not done yet," Vincent slurred, planting his feet and trying to jerk his arm out of Cid's hold.

"'Fraid so, buddy. Can't letcha make a damn fool of yerself," Cid replied, tightening his grip and practically dragging Vincent out of the bar by the arm. He knew that the man was ashamed of having lost control of himself, and he also knew that Vincent wouldn't remember much of any of it in the morning anyway. He supposed that made it easier for both of them, but he still wished that Vincent didn't feel like he had to push himself so hard to avoid feeling the things that lingered just beneath the surface.

Cid half-dragged and half-carried Vincent in the direction of their apartment, glad that it was close enough so that he wouldn't have to put in too much effort. Vincent staggered a little, but Cid managed to catch him and keep him on his feet. It was odd – Vincent was heavier and taller than he was by a good margin, but it was as if he somehow got stronger when he was drunk. The pilot shook his head to clear it and focused on getting Vincent through their door and flopped onto their couch. If he insisted to stay, Cid would make sure to do his best to keep him safe and in one piece until he sobered up.

The pilot eventually managed to get Vincent settled, and after a little while he seemed to doze off where he sat. Cid covered Vincent with a blanket and decided that, though he was still pretty drunk himself, it couldn't hurt for him to lie down and sleep off the rest of it with Vincent. As he began to nod off, he had a brief, absurd imagination of what it would be like if Vincent woke up first and found him curled up next to him. He knew that the man would probably be too confused and disoriented to feel self-conscious, but maybe it wouldn't be so bad to have a story to laugh about later.

With that strange thought in his head, Cid finally allowed his eyelids to fall shut and drifted off to sleep.