--uncomfortably, “…liking.  Yeah…”

Silence. Sam drifts away from Bobby, his gaze returning to an office room that houses his non-liking, fully and shockingly customary partner; who is no longer focused on Bobby, apparently too deeply in thought.

Or maybe bewildered.

Like he said before, it's hard to tell with Dean.

"I'm not...I've never...I'm not gay...?" Dean echoes. This time, his voice is slightly higher, bordering on the edge of panic.

Silence. Then suddenly, a voice calls out - one of Dean's teammates, Mike. "Dude, you check out Novak's butt all the time."

Around them, Sam hears murmurs of agreement.

"Yeah!" Anna, Dean's ex, calls out, "and you'd always ditch me to go assist him with studying!" Sam's a bit surprised anyone would believe that excuse. Cas is in a ton of advanced classes. Dean got the previously-undiscovered grade of G minus in algebra.

Dean breaks the intense gaze he has with Cas to swivel in his chair and glare at the entire room. "Stop it!"

"Dean."

Pie could never get Dean to move as swiftly as the sound of Cas's voice does (and Sam would know, he really would). "Yeah, Cas?" Sam's brother's voice trembles - just a bit, but enough for Sam to feel a bit smug.

"Is it..." Resolve fights with the confusion etched into Cas's face. And it wins. "Is this true?"

Sam watches as his brother swallows audibly. "I..." He swallows again. "Um. Maybe? I guess?"

Slowly, a grin appears on Cas's face. He leans forward slightly, and Dean's eyes widen before following suit.

Finally, Sam thinks as he quietly leans over and picks up his bag and still-full tray, it seems he's not going to be able to eat any more because Dean might still call him Samantha and give him Barbie dolls for Christmas, but he is a teenage boy and thus not cut out for…whatever is happening behind him.

From the sound of cheers and half-hearted “get a room, fags,” quite a lot.

Gabriel finds Crowley as he hides from Lucifer's minions.

“Well, well, if it isn’t the King of the Crossroads. How’s being a fugitive?”

Crowley rushed to his feet, ready to flee (again, because clearly Lucifer left the Pit in no better a mood than he’d entered it) when he finally recognized the not-man lounging against the door of his latest safe house.

“Oh, it’s you,” he sighed, slumping back into his chair and rubbing his forehead to get rid of that horrible half-headache that meant his current meatsuit had been about as freaked out as he was.

A brief look of indignation crossed the Archangel Gabriel’s face, not-there wings flaring out.  Crowley flinched back and cursed internally for his reaction – not his fault he was more than a little nervous about archangel wings.  Flaring.  At him.  Aggressively.

Fucking Lucifer.

The worst thing was that Gabriel clearly picked up on his discomfort.  “Nervous, are we?”

“Your brother’s been sending his minions after me for the past three weeks, I’m sure you’d be nervous too,” Crowley growled.  “How did you find me, anyway?  This whole place is rigged with angel wards.”

Gabriel shrugged, coming forwards to fling himself onto the tiny, sagging couch opposite from Crowley’s chair.  “Hello, Trickster?  How do you think I managed to avoid Michael and Raphael for the last seven thousand years?”

“Fair point.”  Leaning forwards to grab the bottle of Scotch, Crowley eyed the label critically.  Cheap, but the best he could find while on the run from every demon looking to get on Lucifer’s good side (i.e. all of them).  “So what do you want?”

The archangel’s eyes followed the movement of his hand as Crowley carefully poured himself a glass.  “And don’t bother,” Crowley added as Gabriel opened his mouth.  “Stuff’s terrible anyway, and it’s not like you can get drunk.”

Another shrug.  “Just wanted to check up my old mate Crowley, dontcha know,” Gabirel replied nonchalantly.  “Heard about your deal with the Winchesters, heard my bro was out to get you, wanted to catch up.  It’s been a while – haven’t seen you since…when was it…?”

“Romania, ’76,” Crowley responded easily, turning the angel’s words – Winchesters, why would he bring that up? – over in his head as he continued, “Bela Karolyi – biggest waste of a deal, that Comaneci girl would have been fine with or without the…” Winchesters –--