----Bruce groaned. It was yet another one of Tony's over-the-top gatherings he had to endure. Truth be told, he'd much rather have stayed in the lab, or in his quarters. Yet, Tony practically dragged him into the heart of the event, insisting that Bruce should loosen up and enjoy himself. To make matters worse, you weren't there! The only person he could talk to was absent, so he found himself awkwardly leaning against the wall, holding onto a glass of something to drink. He just hoped nobody would provoke him.

His gaze aimlessly roamed around the venue, never settling on anything or anyone. Something caught his eye in the corner of the room. He turned his head to see you, standing there nervously clutching a purse. You wore a dress he had never seen you in before, hugging your figure. For once, your hair was down, the soft strands framing your face. Typically, your hair was tied up or in a bun. Of course, having your hair down would be highly inconvenient in the lab, but even during your casual hangouts in the tower, your hair was always tied up.

Finally spotting Bruce, you hurried over to his side in a matter of seconds. He greeted you warmly, hoping you wouldn't notice the slight blush on his cheeks, which he attributed to the alcohol. You reciprocated the greeting and blushed, remarking, "I... I must look ridiculous." "No! I mean, no. You actually look quite beautiful," he stammered. You raised your eyebrows in confusion. "Thanks, but... do you have any idea who this is from?" you asked, indicating the dress. "It was just laid out on my bed this morning. There was a note too, something about wearing this dress tonight, arriving late, and getting all dolled up." "I don't know who it's from. But I have a suspicion..." You shook your head. "You think it's Tony, right? I asked him, but he claimed he had never seen the dress before." "Well, he could be lying," Bruce said, taking a sip from his drink to conceal his nervousness. You truly did look ravishing tonight.

You and Bruce conversed for quite some time before a man you had never seen before interjected himself between the two of you. Leaning against the wall, he flashed a flirty grin at you. "Hey, sweet cheeks. Haven't seen you around. What's up?" You certainly did not want to engage with this guy; he set off all kinds of alarm bells. You looked at Bruce for assistance. "Actually, we were just heading to the dance floor," Bruce interjected, maneuvering around the man and coming to a stop beside you. "Oh. Were you?" The man peered at you, raising an eyebrow. "Yes, we were!" you asserted, seizing Bruce's arm and pulling him toward the dance floor.

Unexpectedly, the music transitioned to something slow, which wasn't typical for Tony's party playlists. Awkwardly, you and Bruce held onto each other as you began to sway to the music. You had to admit, it was rather lovely.

Meanwhile, across the room, Clint and Natasha high-fived. Their mission had been a resounding success.