"This is a really good idea - but then Jensen rests his hand on his chest, warm reassurance, and asks, 'You OK, man?', and this is Jensen, who wouldn't so much as breathe on him without permission. It's still kind of scary, but Jensen strokes his hand across Jared's skin, rubs his thumb against the tip of one nipple, and suddenly all Jared's fears are forgotten, because this is the most amazing thing he's ever felt.

He swallows and says, 'I'm fine.'

Jensen looks him in the eye for one long moment, then grins suddenly, an echo of the trademark Dean grin he'd given while snapping the cuff closed that morning. Jared knows this is all Jensen, though: amusement and intense desire mingled with something softer. Next thing he's leaning down to give Jared the most incredible kiss they've ever shared, and it's worth doing this just for that kiss alone.

Jensen kisses him for a long time, sucking and biting at his bottom lip, exploring his mouth with his tongue until Jared's whimpering with desire. Instinctively he tries to bring his hands down to cup Jen's head, seeking to deepen the kiss, wanting to run his fingers across the stubbled skin of Jensen's jaw, but when he moves he's brought up short by the cuffs. He lets out a little moan of frustration and Jensen pulls away with a laugh. 'Sorry, man, tonight I get to run the show.'

He kneels on the bed, looking down at Jared with half-lidded eyes. The lamp casts light and shadow across his body, picking out the tiny hairs in gold, and Jared aches to run his hands across that skin. He writhes again, pulling against the cuffs.

'Please, Jen, so beautiful, you gotta let me touch you.'

Jensen flushes, mixed embarrassment and desire darkening his skin, and his cock twitches against his belly. He shifts closer to Jared, almost close enough to touch, but makes no move towards the cuffs. Jared gives him a pleading look and he smirks.

'Hell no, I'm not uncuffing you. You look so downright pretty, stretched out for me... maybe I'll just look at you all night.'

His voice is low and hoarse with desire, sending shivers through Jared's body. Jared's on the verge of begging, except his throat's suddenly too dry to let him speak, because Jensen's moving his hands across his own body, skimming across smooth, freckled skin before he slides one hand down to wrap around his cock.

'Maybe I won't do anything; maybe I'll just satisfy myself, come all over your stunning face, lick my come off your skin...' His voice gets lower and breathier as he strokes his cock: slow, twisting movements that have Jared writhing with arousal. Jared's cock is harder than he would've believed possible, hot against his belly, and his breathing's so shallow that he's beginning to think he might pass out. He closes his eyes, because watching Jensen pleasuring himself with that look in his eyes is just too intense to bear when he's held down like this. Then, thank god - thank Jensen - he feels warm skin next to his; hot, wet lips closing on his neck. Jensen sucks and licks up and down his body, hard enough to leave marks, nipping at the sensitive flesh at the curve of Jared's hip until Jared's reduced to incoherent cries and moans.

When Jensen pulls away, Jared thinks he's going to tease again, and he's almost crying at the thought, because he needs to be touched. Then warm hands are spreading his legs, and suddenly Jensen's there, face buried in the crease of Jared's thigh. His nose nudges against Jared's balls, and he inhales deeply and lets out a soft moan. 'You smell so amazing, Jared.'

Then he bites down on the flesh of Jared's thigh, laughing when Jared yelps and bucks his hips. Jensen takes another deep breath and then ohgodohgodyes suddenly his mouth seems to be everywhere, hot and wet around Jared's balls, tongue sliding up to lick at his cock and then back down, lower and lower still. He feathers the tip across Jared's perineum and then sweetJesusandallhisangels drives it into his ass, hard and pointed and so incredibly slick. Jared lets out a strangled scream, so high he can hardly hear it himself, twisting into Jen's touch. He surges up off the bed, tugging against the cuffs, but he's not trying to get away any more, because this is extraordinary and he doesn't think he has enough control over his own limbs to touch Jensen now even if his hands were free.

Jensen slides a finger in beside his tongue, reaches the other hand round to grab Jared's dick, pleasuring him with hands until Jared utters a third time, and breaks into a smile. "You - Santa's been! This is Christmas!"

"It traditionally is Christmas on the 25th," Jensen observes dryly, but he's ridiculously relieved. This is his Christmas too, and it would really suck to have gone to all this trouble and then find that Jared hated it.

Jared just keeps on grinning. "This is awesome. How did you get all this done, man?"

"Just a little Christmas magic," Jensen says airily, but he can feel a warmth spreading through his chest, and it really does feel like Christmas magic. He's grinning back at Jared, goofily, and maybe a little too enthusiastic, and he suddenly feels the need to busy himself with the breakfast things.

Jared sits down and eats about a gazillion pancakes, talking nonstop between bites about how his mom always cooks pancakes for Christmas breakfast, and the way she always used to make a special pancake for each of the kids, dripping the batter in a pattern to make a pancake person. Jensen just sits back and lets him run, enjoying himself more than he has for days. He realizes that this - bouncy, hyperactive Jared - fills a gap in him that he hadn't even realized he had.

It's only when all the pancakes are eaten that Jared quietens down again, fiddling with his fork and pouring swirls of syrup in elaborate curlicues on his plate. He won't quite meet Jensen's eye, and the conversation falters and stops.

"You gonna open your presents?" Jensen says finally, because Jared won't quite look at those either, although they're pretty hard to miss, half of them wrapped in the purple sparkly paper Jensen had picked out for Mackenzie's gifts and the rest in the hideous green and orange that they'd wrapped Tom and Mikey's gag gifts in.

Jared flushes and looks even more unhappy. "I didn't... Jensen, I wasn't expecting any of this. I haven't got a gift for you."

Jensen actually laughs out loud, because if that's the cause of Jared's current slump then he can definitely live with it.

Jared looks even more miserable. "I'm really sorry. I suck as a friend, man."

"Dude, wait till you see the gifts before you start beating yourself up," Jensen says. "They're not exactly Santa's finest. Anyway, I'm totally making you wash all the dishes for the next forever."

Jared relaxes a little bit, and Jensen reassures him, "It's no big deal, seriously. I don't need a gift. But I'm gonna be pissed if you don't open these after I've worked my ass off making sure the Grinch didn't steal Christmas."

Jared pulls the first gift towards him - one of the purple sparkly ones with a pink fluffy bow Jensen found in the bottom of the box of decorations. Sadie yips excitedly when he opens it and pulls out an extra-large doggie biscuit.

"Couldn't let the kids go without a Christmas present," Jensen tells him seriously.

Jared laughs. "I just hope you haven't been playing favorites."

"Never," Jensen promises solemnly. "I mean, Sadie knows that the way to my heart is not to put wet paws on my bed, which counts for a lot, but I don't wanna give Harley self-esteem issues."

Jared grins more and opens the orange and green package Jensen indicates, pulling out one of Harley's favorite chew treats. "Equal treatment is key," he says solemnly.

"It sure is," Jensen agrees, and pushes across the package of cookies for Jared. He had some trouble figuring out how to wrap it up - Mackenzie had made cute little boxes when she did hers, but he didn't have anything like that. In the end he'd cannibalized the box of Lucky Charms, doing his best to get the gift-wrap around it without smooshing all the cookies in the process.

"Thanks, man," Jared says around about three cookies. "My self esteem was getting a little bruised, for sure."

Jensen steals a cookie from the box - he's just eaten his own bodyweight in pancakes and bacon, but it's not really Christmas without making yourself sick on sugar.

It doesn't take long for Jared to open the rest of his presents - a mix CD that Jensen stayed up way too late to make, and a fresh can of shaving cream in honor of the Winchesters. Jensen had considered a porn mag, but the only - ahem - fresh one he has is one that he suspects Jared would be decidedly uninterested in. Despite the fact they live in each other's pockets, that's a conversation that Jensen's so far avoided having to have with Jared. After all, for most of the time they've known each other they've both had girlfriends.

Jared leans back in his chair and sighs with contentment."