<sorrow, remorse, guilt, dread, terror, adoration.

All.

John inclines his head slightly.

“Hello again, Sherlock,” he responds, carrying his own bundle of intense sorrow and delight and hopelessness that mingles with the reverberations that Sherlock has left in the expansive space.

They do not embrace. But somehow, Sherlock finds himself seated on the floor next to John, just beneath the stove, their fingers intertwined despite the generous gap between them.

“Did you defeat him?”

Sherlock nods, knowing that even after three years, nine months, and twenty five days, John will discern the movement effortlessly, as if when Sherlock moves, so does he, just as Sherlock imagines he's felt every touch of Moriarty's fingers, every thrust of his hips.

"Hmm." John's grip tightens slightly. "Good."

Sherlock anticipated that, but it stings all the same.

"Alright."

For three torturous, euphoric minutes, he allows himself to absorb the warmth of John's touch, the unwavering strength of his muscles. Then, he rises to his feet, gazes down at his former flatmate. "I should leave before Moriarty returns."

John nods. "Fair enough. I'll see you out."

They don't exchange another word until they reach the door, and Sherlock turns to face his dearest friend with nothing to say, nothing on his lips or in his mind at all.

The shorter man's forehead furrows in a frown, frustrated but amused with an unexpected lightness that warms Sherlock's heart in a way that nothing has in almost four years. "Forget this."

And then, he reaches up, pulls Sherlock down to meet his lips briefly, too briefly.

"Dinner tomorrow at that Italian place you took me to on the first night?" John asks gruffly.

What about Moriarty? Sherlock intends to ask. It's not safe, he wants to add. You don't want me, rises to his lips, a bitter accusation that he knows isn't true except in a very specific, slight way that still rends at his heart.

Instead, he says "Alright. Eight o’clock?"

"Don’t be late," John smiles wearily, as though he's certain Sherlock will be late anyway, the way he always is.

He doesn't close the door until Mycroft’s car has turned the corner, Sherlock knows. He resents John for it, almost as much as he loves him.

"Hello, Sherlock," Moriarty says when Sherlock walks through the door shirtless, torn bloodied (useless) remnants of purple fabric clenched tight in his hand. "We should talk," smiles the ex-arch criminal (at least in Britain, for Moriarty likely has connections in America and Australia and Asia that Sherlock has neither time nor effort to spend disrupting.)

(Three years to permanently shatter Moriarty’s hold in Britain and Western Europe. Three years and a lifetime of possibilities, of happiness – destroyed.)

The first thing Sherlock notices is the clothing: the exact copy of Jim-from-I.T's, down to the underwear. There's enough of a stir within him (anger, amusement, weariness) at the sheer audacity of that to register on his face.

Moriarty raises an eyebrow. "Surprised to see me?"

Sherlock, who has been anticipating this visit with a strange numbness that is so very different from the lethargic high drugs used to provide, acknowledges his arch-nemesis (former arch-nemesis? Hard to know) with little more than a slight nod of his head before heading to the large box he’s using for his clothes. John used to badger him until he capitulated and folded them. Or else, would just lose patience and do it himself.

There’s no John Watson at Baker Street anymore, though. No one to complain, and just for that, Sherlock throws the damaged cloth into the bin.

“You’re looking for a shirt?” the man asks with some amusement as Sherlock pulls out the first thing he can find. “I didn’t think you were so shy, darling.”

He’s meant to play, he realizes. He can’t, though. The last time he saw Moriarty, there was something to fight for. There was John (and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, but John the most).

The game isn’t fun anymore, now that there’s no point–

“Oh, don’t do that,” Moriarty says suddenly, with what Sherlock is surprised to hear is real frustration. It shows on his face, too, when Sherlock turns around; genuine and surprisingly painful to see, that raw emotion etching lines into his face. “You used to be so much fun.”

Sherlock shrugs as he slips his hands through the arm holes and begins doing up the buttons, slowly and steadily. “Perhaps,” he says quietly, averting his eyes from the other man.  And then John happened, he thinks but doesn’t>--