They stay the night, Jared gets totally wasted, and they arrive back with a car full of cheese, bread, apples, and wine; to find out that twelve of their fifty three took their last bus and went down to –

Well, that’s the thing.  No one actually knows.

Jared’s theory is that it’s some sort of mass suicide.

He doesn’t say it because Fiona told him last week that she had sort of a thing for the guy (twenty seven, architecture student) whose idea it was.

 

~~~~~

 

Jared tries to kiss Fiona once, after imbuing enough of not-unalcoholic drink to make him think it’s a good idea.

She turns her head, looks at him with a sort of resigned amusement-pity-confusion thing going on, and calmly says something about age.

It is the awkward to end all awkwards.

Later, he blames it on the alcohol,.  She accepts the excuse, and they both continue in the mutual understanding that he was lying though his teeth.

~~~~~


Hi everyone,



Eurgh okay I have no idea what to say, seriously, see Raine this is why you should have done this instead of me.  (Btw yeah Raine and Ara are still alive too, see, we be awesome.)



What I want to say, I guess, is that we’re alive.  Also in the Netherlands, but whatever.  You’re obviously alive.  The human race is still happening, peeps.



Get back to me if you can xx and till then, wood, cold, dark and fire.  



That’s how we’re going to totally win this war.  Apocalypse.  Whatever.



More coming later, but till then,



<3, Lia.


Fiona shows the text to Jared wordlessly.

He reads it, but doesn’t realise till he gets to the end and looks up to see her eyes suspiciously watery that it’s the first message she’s gotten from anyone she knows.

Awesome, your friends haven’t been torn to pieces feels too sardonic and bitter, I’m glad for you is just not him, and stop crying sounds like a line from the Douchebag’s Book of Douchebagness.

Jared sticks with “please don’t tell me you have a friend named after the weather.”

She scoffs, rolls her eyes, launches into an explanation, and he sits back, content in the understanding that they’re all good.