--this is a terrible idea - but then Jensen places his hand on his chest, providing warmth and reassurance, and asks, 'You good, man?', and this is Jensen, someone who wouldn't do anything without consent. It's still nerve-wracking, but Jensen's touch across Jared's skin makes him forget all reservations, because it's the most intense feeling he's ever experienced.

He swallows and replies, 'I'm fine.'

Jensen meets his gaze for a moment, then suddenly grins, a mix of Dean's trademark grin and something softer. Next thing he leans in for the most intense kiss they've ever shared, and it's worth it just for that kiss alone.

Jensen kisses him for a long time, captivating Jared with his fervor. Jared tries to bring his hands down to deepen the kiss, seeking to feel Jensen's skin, but the restraints hold him back. He moans in frustration and Jensen pulls away with a laugh. 'Sorry, man, tonight I'm in charge.'

He kneels on the bed, gazing at Jared with desire in his eyes. The lamp illuminates his body, casting light and shadow, and Jared longs to touch him. He writhes, tugging against the restraints.

'Please, Jen, you're so beautiful, let me touch you.'

Jensen flushes, a mix of embarrassment and desire on his face, and shifts closer to Jared without making a move to release the restraints. Jared gives him a pleading look and he smirks.

'No way, I'm not untying you. You look so pretty, all stretched out for me... maybe I'll just watch you all night.'

His voice drips with lust, sending shivers through Jared's body. Jared's on the verge of begging, but his throat is too dry to speak, because Jensen is touching himself, gliding his hand across his own body.

'Maybe I won't touch you at all; maybe I'll just pleasure myself, and come all over your beautiful face, lick my come off your skin...' His voice grows lower and breathier as he strokes himself, sending shivers through Jared's body. Jared's arousal is overwhelming, and he struggles against the restraints in sympathy.

Jared's own arousal is intense, and his shallow breathing makes him feel lightheaded. He closes his eyes, unable to bear watching Jensen pleasure himself while he's restrained. Then, thankfully, he feels warm skin against his; hot, wet lips on his neck. Jensen sucks and licks all over his body, leaving marks, and Jared is reduced to incoherent cries and moans.

When Jensen pulls away, Jared thinks he's going to tease again, and he's nearly in tears at the thought, desperate for a touch. Then warm hands part his legs, and suddenly Jensen is there, burying his face in Jared's thigh. Jared is overwhelmed by Jensen's touch, and he struggles against the restraints in ecstasy. He's past the point of wanting to escape; this is an incredible experience, and he wouldn't be able to touch Jensen if his hands were free.