Jared knows what to do, his hands exploring and then his hand slipping down further to tease at Sandy's panties. He pushes them down and kisses her neck and the side of her face while breathing into her ear, 'So beautiful, baby, let us see you, let me show him.'

Her panties fall to the floor and Sandy steps out of them, giving a little shimmy away from Jared so she can kick the lace clear. She glances at Jared's feet and laughs as she sees he's still wearing his socks, one toe poking through at the side.

'That's our boy,' says Jensen from behind her, laughter in his voice, sharing amusement and exasperation. It's just like any other time they've shared a joke together, and it buoys Sandy up.

'Take them off him,' she instructs. It's meant to sound jokey, but it comes out firm and commanding instead. She's rewarded by Jensen dropping to his knees in front of Jared, lifting each foot carefully to pull the socks off and pressing a kiss to the arch of each foot.

When Jared's hand comes out to rest lightly on Jensen's hair, caressing, it makes Sandy want to keep Jensen there on his knees.

'Touch him.' Her throat is dry, voice thin and breathless. She swallows and tries again. 'I want you to - to suck him.'

Jared groans at her words, and then again, louder and deeper, as Jensen licks a long stripe up his cock and then takes it in his mouth. Sandy watches him work his tongue against the knot of nerves on the underside, lips glistening pink and swollen as Jared rubs up against them. She's always loved sucking Jared's cock, and when Jensen's head dips lower, wringing a whimper from Jared, her mouth waters with the desire to feel it in her own mouth.

She moves to stand behind Jensen instead, wrapping herself around his back and biting at his neck so that they're melded together, moving against Jared as one. Sandy works her way down Jensen's back, kissing and nipping at him till there's a trail of marks red across his skin. She pauses when she gets to the base of his spine, brushing her lips lightly against the thin dusting of hair there before slipping her tongue quicksilver swift into the cleft of his ass. She's rewarded by Jensen whimpering around Jared's cock, and an answering moan from Jared as he clutches convulsively at Jensen's hair.

Sandy pulls away, wetness pooling hot between her legs, and makes for the bed. She sinks back against the sheets and runs her hand across her belly, reaching down to dip in the moisture and smear it slick across her clit. Jared has his head thrown back, muscles shifting across his torso as he works his hips, thrusting up against Jensen. Jensen holds him steady, hands curving round to hold his ass tight and open. 