“Yes, well, that’s nice. But, um,” she cleared her throat and her eyes flew between his and the book. “That book is, well, it’s one I’ve wanted for a long time, you see, and since you’re not a pathologist...” She smiled in what she hoped was a charming way.

“Don’t flirt, Molly. You’re not very good at it.”

Molly flushed angrily and tried to grab the book out of his hands but he only lifted it out of her reach. She cursed herself for being so short and him for being so tall.

“Sherlock. I didn’t come here to be insulted by you. I can go to work for that. I came here to buy that book. A book you know I’ve wanted for months because I’ve talked about it. So unless you are actually intending to buy it, I would like to have it.” She crossed her arms and tilted her nose up, her jaw set stubbornly.

Sherlock smirked and leaned down slightly to meet her eyes, slowly lowering the book. “But I am buying it.”

Molly took a deep breath and with one quick movement managed to snatch the book from Sherlock’s clutches.

“Oh, looks like I have the last copy,” she said sweetly. “Sorry, but you’ll have to wait until they get a new shipment in.” She turned on her heels and started for the register but was stopped short by a hand on her arm.

“Molly. I told you I was buying the book,” Sherlock reached for it but Molly put her arm behind her back and shook her head.

“No. I know I’m being really petty for this, but I want this book.” She stepped back as he took a step forward but bumped into the bookcase and couldn’t move any further, which meant that she was trapped and barely an inch separated her from Sherlock. She swallowed and felt her stomach flip nervously. He was trying to use her attraction and feelings for him against her. It wasn’t going to work this time.

“Molly Hooper,” he spoke sternly. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she held the book more tightly and pressed back into the bookcase as far as possible, leaving no room for the book to move unless she released it.

“Molly,” he spoke softly and one of his hands was suddenly slowly trailing down the arm she had behind her. Goosebumps rose up on her skin and she had to remind herself to breathe when his arm somehow wrapped around her, his hand resting over hers on the book. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she whispered. He frowned in frustration.

“You’re not being very cooperative, Dr. Hooper.” He said.

She smiled. “No, I’m not.”

Sherlock smiled back and used her slight distraction to latch his hand more firmly onto the book and a tug-of-war began behind her back.

“Please let me have the book.”

“No.”

“Molly, we can’t do this all afternoon.”

“I’m not letting go, Sherlock. You’re big ego can just take a hit today because you’re not going to be able to convince or fake-flirt with me into giving you this book.”

He raised an eyebrow and tilted his head to the side – the perfect angle to kiss her, she noticed, and almost stopped breathing.

“So you’re determined not to let me buy the book.”

“Yes.” She stated.

“And I won’t get it out of your hands.”

“No.”

“Are you sure?” His face was even closer and she couldn’t avoid looking at him.

“Yes.” She said hesitantly.

“Then what’s this?” he grinned and pulled back. The book was now back in his free hand, shining in the fluorescent lighting of the bookshop.

Molly’s mouth dropped open and she grasped for it with her free hand, but he shook his head and pulled her closer, their arms still locked behind her back.

“How did you do that?” she growled. “Give it back!”

“Nope.” He said, popping the p. “I’m buying the book.” He let go and swung her around. When she turned to follow him he was already at the counter and buying the book. She stomped up to him and was just about to let him know exactly what she thought of him when he suddenly placed the book in her hands.

“What’s this?” she asked, befuddled.

“The book you’ve been talking about for months.” He replied. “I was going to buy it for your birthday, but since you seem so impatient for it I’ll just give it to you now.”

Molly stared at the copy and then turned her head back up to Sherlock and looked at him unblinking. She realized he had got a first-hand view of how he looked when he saw her reaction. She flushed again, angrily this time and clenched her hands into fists. “He is special; very special. He treats me like he cares about me. Unlike some people I know.” She said venomously. Sherlock was quite obviously taken aback by her words. He stared at her, his face a mask, and Molly realized herself and sighed and shook her head. “Right now isn’t the time to discuss this, Sherlock. I’m not sure any time is right or even necessary.” She looked up at him, her eyes no longer angry, but sad. “I’m engaged, yes, and I’m… I’m happy. Let’s leave it at that and deal with John.”
Sherlock watched her and caught a flicker in her eyes, a hesitance in her voice when she claimed she was happy, as if she wasn’t being entirely honest. Molly was a mystery to him sometimes, and had surprised him more than once in the years he had known her, but he knew when she was feeling and what she was feeling, and he knew now she wasn’t happy with whoever this man was. Not entirely. For some reason it made him cheer up some, which was rather disturbing to him, but he had no time to think about sentiment toward Molly. John needed to be placated first. He nodded once and gave her his full attention. “Very well. What would you suggest I do?”

–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

	John was still sitting in his armchair, the only thing besides his personal items he had moved from Baker Street to Mary’s apartment, thinking about the ghost he had seen in the restaurant the night before. He hadn’t gone to bed, or even said much to Mary besides goodnight and ‘I love you’, as he always did. Being gracious and understanding, Mary had left him alone, although she didn’t mind fuming to herself that Sherlock Holmes was an utter ass and she would be glad to give him a piece of her mind and maybe clock him one as John had, although harder. She had gone to bed furious at her fiancée’s formerly dead friend and had woken up just as furious, if not more, because John was still in that armchair. He didn’t really react when she kissed his cheek, only a mumbled good morning. Only when Mary started to make breakfast did he move, probably because he smelled the tea brewing and needed that fortifying liquid. Although he didn’t talk about what had happened, he seemed to wake up a little after that and she was glad. He needed to be himself if he was going to able to face Sherlock again, as she knew he would have to soon. What she couldn’t fathom was that it was going to be that morning. After helping her clean up the breakfast things, the bell to the flat rang and John went to answer it, and not long after that, Mary heard a cracking noise and a heavy thump, like a body had fallen. She hurried to the door and found John standing over a supine Sherlock Holmes, whose left eye had been bandaged, but now bled again, the bandage hanging off his face. John fumed, his clenching and unclenching his fist. He didn’t say anything, only stared at Sherlock, even as the undead detective slowly got to his feet.
“You’ll hurt your hand if you keep doing that, John,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly. “If I’m not mistaken, your knuckles are already bruised.” He took the now-ruined bandage off his face, fully revealing the old bruise and the newly forming one. John seemed to come out of his rage at the sight of his friend hurt and looked at Sherlock with tears in his eyes and before Sherlock knew what had happened he was embraced by his friend. Molly hadn’t warned about that. He didn’t have long to worry about how to react, as John quickly disengaged and stood straight. “You’re a prat,” he said, wiping his eyes. “An utter ass and… and…”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said quickly and John stopped, gaping. Mary looked in surprise at Sherlock in imitation of John, having heard Sherlock Holmes wasn’t exactly the most contrite person in the world. Sherlock continued before John had time to respond. “You’re quite right in your estimation of me. I should not have come to you as I did last night. I did not fully realize, as I should have, the shock you would suffer. You deserved more, as my friend. I can only hope you can forgive me for that, and for deceiving you with my death.”
Mary smiled and watched John, who took a breath and looked his old friend in the eyes. “Well, it’s a start Sherlock.” He said.

Sherlock meets Molly's fiance and doesn’t like him, but denies himself as to why.

A month into Sherlock’s return to life--