--boss. No point hiding now, he stepped out of the bush and into Kurloz's line of sight. Cronus grinned at the other troll. "Having trouble in the land of quadrants?"

Silence, man.

His mouth felt numb as he glared across, a look being stronger than words anyway. His legs were still functional and he swaggered over to leer near the mute troll, raising his eyebrows in a flirtatious manner.

You end up as a bucket too? I need to blow off some steam.

Cronus was fine with that if it meant getting laid. Although it was strange for the mute to offer so readily, the greaser usually had to at least be on his knees with his face in the other's crotch to receive such a response. As Kurloz couldn't kiss due to his mouth being out of commission, he got to the point, unzipping his skeleton-themed trousers and grabbing Cronus' greased-up hair, pulling his head to his crotch.

Cronus didn't hesitate to get to work, lapping at Kurloz's crotch and feeling it become wet with arousal. He licked up to the point where the purple bulge emerged for some needed attention, and Cronus complied happily. He sucked the tentacle into his mouth with a little effort and swallowed the pre-material that came out.

Suck it well and you might just get a reward from the almighty chuckle voodoos, my misled friend.

Cronus scoffed a bit but continued to satisfy the troll; he knew exactly how to do it and hit all the spots that made Kurloz's strange eyes roll back. He took it all the way to the base before sucking and rubbing his tongue on the underside. He enjoyed hearing the gruff sounds the troll above him made in his throat, his hips working as he thrust into Cronus' mouth, obviously venting his frustration on him, but he didn't mind. Undoing his high-waist trousers, the greaser shoved his hand in and quickly got to work with sitting on his fingers, his bulge wrapping around his wrist, groaning around the bulge that was partway down his throat.

You look like you've praised enough, my brother. Take those off and spread those legs for me.

Cronus quickly pulled his mouth off Kurloz's bulge, coughed a little, yanked his trousers down, and threw them away as he lay back on the grass, spreading his legs for the other troll. Kurloz admired the other for a moment; his crotch was leaking and his bulge was twisting and curling; it was a beautiful sight. He knelt down, unzipped his trousers more, pulled them open, and laid over Cronus, pressing his bulge to the other's crotch, letting it go wild and enter the tight walls.

"Need a moment, man." He panted, immensely filled, looking up and leaning forward, kissing the stitches on Kurloz's mouth, feeling the other frown and thrust his hips forward. He let out a huff of excitement and wrapped his legs around Kurloz's waist, wanting the bulge inside him deeper, even if it would hurt a little.

Tell me how much you love it, scream it so even the dead can hear your voice.

With that echoing in Cronus' head, he felt himself empty before a small amount of pain radiated through him, quickly replaced by pleasure. Kurloz was thrusting hard now, working hard to get as deep as he could into the tight, warm walls of the greaser's crotch. Cronus cried out, throwing his head back to hit the ground; he could barely think with the other constantly using his mind as a loudspeaker to voice his words. He clung to the other, arms around his neck and gripping his messy hair as he continued to kiss and lick at the stitches. He improvised as he dug his legs into Kurloz's lower back, wanting more as he pulled the other closer to him, feeling himself getting closer to his climax.

Kurloz, of course, was already building up; his bulge had gotten thicker with the material that was going to be released. He started going faster, wanting Cronus to climax before him.

Climax, my brother, let it out and scream for me.

It was like a switch for Cronus, letting go and releasing his material; it covered both their thighs and the grass beneath them. He shuddered and moaned breathlessly, keeping a tight grip on Kurloz's--