Travels were tiresome, but Adaar wasn't ready to see such a disheveled man giving him a weary look. It was almost amusing, but Adaar pushed that thought away, not willing to jeopardize the efforts his comrades had made during his re-education.

Adaar turned to the path and made his way to trap twelve. He wasn't as stealthy as he should have been, and the forest had gone silent long before he arrived at the trap. But as expected, trap twelve remained undisturbed.

Adaar took his time returning to the Ursaad. Although he still had three other traps to check, he pushed those thoughts aside and focused on each small step, instead of dwelling on the Ursaad and the injured man without horns on her back, or the brother he cared for in ways he wasn't supposed to.

The hornless man was still awake when Adaar finally approached. There was no greeting exchanged between them, though the man did let out a slight sigh as Adaar settled back into the saddle.

The journey to the thirteenth trap was uneventful. The Ursaad was starting to slow down, and both Adaar and the animal needed rest. The hornless man had stopped tensing every time Adaar directed the Ursaad with his legs, so either his leg had stopped hurting so much, or he had simply stopped caring.

Trap thirteen had been triggered, but there was nothing in the net and no damage done to it. Adaar reset the trap and circled the area for darkspawn tracks, just in case. It was unlikely that they'd be up that far north, considering the number of scouts Adaar had found in traps one through six, but darkspawn were too big a threat to take lightly.

The hornless man started to shift and squirm shortly after Adaar had visited trap fourteen, and even though Adaar placed a heavy hand on his thigh to get him to stop, the man only grew more agitated. His sudden movement made controlling the Ursaad difficult, and Adaar wasn't keen on having a wriggling body in his lap.

The hornless man shot back a response, his voice dripping with venom, and Adaar sighed, shifting back in the saddle in the hope that the movement against his hips might alleviate the problem. The Ursaad tugged on her reins with a bit more energy, but it seemed more like a tired sort of mischief rather than a real problem at the moment; she had been well trained.

Finally, there was only a short distance to the fifteenth trap, and Adaar had never been so eager to check a trap. It was just as empty as the last few, and at long last, he could head to camp and rest.

After a quick survey of the trap site, Adaar hurried back to the Ursaad. As he turned the corner, he paused. The hornless man was half out of the saddle, pressing himself tightly against the Ursaad, arms wrapped around her as far as they would go, and his face buried in her fur. He was very still, almost too still. Adaar cautiously reached for an arrow and scanned the area, ready to roll if there was a threat.

The Ursaad made a small grunt and flicked her ear, too calm for there to be danger. Adaar noticed a gentle rise and fall in the hornless man's chest, and he exhaled in relief. Something was wrong with the man, but it wasn't darkspawn. Adaar re-sheathed his arrow and shifted his weight onto one leg. He wanted to get the hornless man's attention, but felt awkward about making a loud noise to catch it.

He settled on grunting and stepping as hard as he could on a nearby branch to make a solid snap. The hornless man's chest rose and fell again before he slowly turned his gaze to Adaar--not the movement of someone who had dozed off in the saddle and then jerked awake when they started to fall, as Adaar had assumed. The look on the man's face was not one of exhaustion or fear, but of desperation.

The man muttered something, his voice and face strained, but Adaar was already on his way over, feeling a sense of confusion settling in his stomach. He hooked his bow onto his--