Zane realizes where the conversation is heading. If Kelsier is asking the kandra to wear his own bones, that means Kelsier is planning to die. The rebellion will die without him, of that Zane is sure. And the kandra will go back to wherever it is kandra go as the Contract will end when Kelsier dies.

Unless Kelsier planned to die when he made the Contract, and is passing it off to someone else.

Zane strains his ears to hear more.

“After I’m gone I want you to stay. Protect Vin. She’s likely going to be resistant to the idea, but she’s going to need all the help she can get. I’m afraid I’ve made her something of a target, and she’s going to have the hardest job once the Lord Ruler falls.”

“You know I will protect Mistress Vin,” the kandra says. “It is in the Contract.”

“Yes, but I think that she will try to release you from the Contract,” Kelsier says.

“She cannot do that,” the kandra informs Kelsier. “You paid for my Contract and my Contract is with you, her wishes do not factor in to my orders.”

“I suppose so,” Kelsier muses. “Even so, I am concerned. I will figure something out, and inform you of my decision before the end. Thank you, OreSeur.”

There is silence followed by the shuffling of feet and the closing of a door. Taking a gamble, Zane hopes that OreSeur left the room as he drops onto the balcony. He slips in the unsecured door to where Kelsier is frowning at him.

“How much of that did you hear?” he asks.

“You plan on having the kandra wear your bones,” Zane says. “You intend to leave us leaderless before the plan is complete.”

“Not entirely leaderless,” Kelsier corrects. “Though your general impression is correct.”

“Why?”

Kelsier smiles as he answers. “We cannot take the city alone, let alone hold it. None of our plans or schemes can work if we are the only ones who are willing to risk our lives for it. We need the skaa to rebel en masse, and the only way to do that is to give them something to believe in. Something other than the Lord Ruler and his oppression.”

“You,” Zane realizes.

“Me,” Kelsier agrees.

“You intend to martyr yourself to raise the skaa,” Zane says. “You know that if you do this, you’ll become the new god.”

“Better me than the Lord Ruler,” Kelsier says with a hint of humor. “And the people will undoubtedly look to Vin as my successor, which is why I need her protected. A new religion can have one martyr god, but not two.”