--feeling the gentle touch against the small of her back. Katniss was already drawing in her legs to guide him in when Peeta joined them, kissing his way down Katniss’s chest and spreading his hands over her thighs.

Katniss could hear the sounds she was making and she knew she sounded embarrassed and weak, but it didn’t matter. Peeta closed his mouth around one of her nipples while pressing the heel of his hand against her groin, sending a jolt of pleasure through her gut. Katniss yelled and fell against Peeta, losing balance and falling forward. Peeta made an ‘oomph’ sound when his back hit the ground, allowing Katniss to spread out and press her body against him.

“Make room,” Finnick said behind her, and Katniss saw him positioning himself in between Peeta’s legs. Her instinct was to clutch at his shoulders and not share with Finnick, but Peeta touched her shoulder, reaching the part of her the Capitol was counting on. “It’s okay," he said, looking drugged and flushed, despite being vulnerable. 

Katniss stopped paying attention to Finnick in order to kiss Peeta. She was exploring the roof of his mouth with her tongue when he jumped and leaned back. “What are you--?”

When Katniss looked down, she saw Finnick at eye level with Peeta’s and had sucked one of Peeta’s balls into his mouth, which made Peeta make a choked-off panting noise.

“You two can carry on," he said, moving his tongue down lower on Peeta’s thigh, as Peeta clutched at Katniss, his fingers on her skin distracting her entirely and making her selfish again. She grabbed Peeta’s wrist and dragged his hand lower, feeling his two fingers slipping into her and then heard him groan.

“You’re so wet," he said, as he brought up his thumb to rub at her clit.

Katniss’ hips jerked and she clutched at his shoulders for something to hold on to, burying her face in his neck because it felt too intense to meet his eyes. Her hips were moving without her permission to roll against the obscene pressure of his hand, and she’d never been aware of her own heartbeat, pounding in time with each throb of pleasure.

She came sooner than she wanted to. Warmth crested and broke over her body leaving her weak, slumped against Peeta’s side. She had hoped that climaxing would satiate the maddening drive but it was still dominant it broke through even the relaxed haze of her orgasm. She needed to come again, she was starving for it and the first one had only whet her appetite.

Peeta cried out and Katniss tensed with alarm, looking down at Finnick again. He seemed to be using his fingers now, and--

”Is he hurting you?” 

“No! No it feels good, just--different," Peeta said in a strangled voice.

“Katniss,” Finnick said, and when he looked up at her his lips were wet and shiny. “Will you relax? I know what I’m doing and it’s not about pain."

“As long as it’s what you want," Katniss said, looking back at Peeta. He answered “ngrgh” and spread his thighs wider, as Finnick pushed a second finger in, spreading Peeta wide--