traveled, but Adaar hadn’t expected to see such a disheveled man giving him a drowsy look. It was almost...quaint, but Adaar dismissed that thought before it could grow; he wouldn’t jeopardize the progress his comrades had made on his reeducation.

Adaar abruptly turned down the path and began his walk to trap twelve. He made more noise than he should have, and the forest had gone silent long before he reached the trap. But that was as he predicted; trap twelve remained undisturbed.

Adaar took his time walking back to the Ursaad. He still had three other traps to check, but he pushed that from his mind and allowed each small step to demand his attention, not the Ursaad and the injured man on her back, not the brother he’d felt affection for in inappropriate ways.

The man without horns was still awake when Adaar finally approached, indicated by his slow rise. They didn’t exchange greetings, though the hornless man sighed slightly when Adaar settled back into the saddle.

The journey to the thirteenth trap was uneventful. The Ursaad was starting to slow, but Adaar needed rest as much as she did, and they both wouldn't stop until they completed their task and returned to camp. The hornless man ceased tensing every time Adaar directed the Ursaad with his legs, either because his leg was hurting less or he had stopped minding the discomfort.

The thirteenth trap had been triggered, but there was nothing in the net and no damage, indicating that a small animal must have triggered it. Adaar did his usual routine—reset the trap and search the area for darkspawn tracks as a precaution. It was improbable for them to be so far north, with the number of scouts Adaar had found in traps one through six, but darkspawn were too severe a threat to assume.

The hornless man started fidgeting shortly after Adaar visited trap fourteen—also free of darkspawn—and the firm hand Adaar had placed on his thigh only exacerbated the situation. The hornless man jerked and pushed Adaar’s hand away with a resentful glance thrown over his shoulder.

“Be still,” Adaar reprimanded, sounding as exasperated as he felt, even though the hornless man wouldn’t understand. It was difficult to control an Ursaad with so much movement in the saddle, and Adaar didn’t want a squirming body in his lap.

The hornless man retorted, his voice laced with as much venom as Adaar's exasperation. Adaar could only sigh and move back in the hopes that the movement against his hips would prevent at least one issue. The Ursaad tugged at her reins with a bit more energy, but it felt more like playful mischief than an actual problem at the moment; she had been well-trained.

At least, it was a short distance to the fifteenth trap, and Adaar had never been so eager to check a trap. It was just as empty as the previous ones, and finally, finally he could head to camp and rest.

After a quick survey of the trap site, Adaar hurried back to the Ursaad; the sooner he mounted her, the sooner they could reach camp, and she likely still had enough energy for Adaar to urge her on. However, when he rounded the large rock marking the path, he paused. The hornless man was halfway out of the saddle, tightly pressed against the Ursaad, arms wrapped around her as far as they would go, and face buried in her fur. He was unnaturally motionless. Adaar cautiously reached for an arrow and scanned the area, poised and ready to react if there was danger.

The Ursaad grunted and twitched her ear to shoo away an insect, too at ease for there to be a threat. Adaar noticed a subtle rise in the hornless man’s chest and exhaled, releasing his tension. There was something wrong with the hornless man, but it wasn’t darkspawn. Adaar returned the arrow to his quiver and shifted his weight to one leg. He wanted to get the hornless man’s attention, but he felt uneasy about making a loud noise to do so.

He settled on grunting and deliberately stepping on a nearby branch to create a loud snap. The hornless man’s chest rose and fell again before he slowly turned his face towards Adaar—a movement unlike someone who had dozed off in the saddle and then woken abruptly from almost falling, as Adaar had assumed. The expression on his face was neither exhaustion nor fear, but desperation.

The hornless man said something, his voice and expression strained, but Adaar was already on his way over, confusion churning in his stomach. Adaar secured his bow onto his—