"Roy's not your friend? Bullcrap, baby." 

Grace looks away. "Look, the thing with Roy? It's something I'm sharing with half the women on the Eastern Seaboard and probably a quarter of the men. It's casual. But this—won't be like that." Grace knows that she sounds like a freaking pansy, but darn, it's challenging to make this argument when there's a lovely naked woman pressed up against her, and she hasn't been intimate in months. Anissa makes it a lot harder by sliding her thigh between Grace's legs.

"Darn it," Grace bites back a hiss, and Anissa smirks.

"You're really not that hard to figure out, you know. I get that you have intimacy issues up to your neck and emotional issues beyond that, and I'm really failing to give a hoot." Anissa leans in close, and Grace can feel her breath on her cheek and the pressure of her thigh between her legs. "I'm tired of you pretending that we don't already have something, Gracie. I'm not gonna be held at arm's length."

Before Grace can say anything else, Anissa's mouth is pressed against hers, her breath hot, her teeth biting at Grace's lips. She kisses her again and again, and Grace doesn't have a choice but to open her mouth and take it, spread her thighs and let Anissa's leg grind against her, and give up on the whole stupid idea of not wanting this.

She's not the poster child for self-restraint on the best of days, and she's not about to say no to a gorgeous naked woman who wants to be intimate with her, no matter how much trouble it could get them into.

She grabs Anissa's hips and drags her closer and slides down herself until she can rub her clit against Anissa's hip and thigh. And—

"Oh, darn it!" she yells when the pressure suddenly increases. Anissa bites her earlobe.

"Nice party trick?" Anissa says, and adjusts the density of her thigh again, putting even more pressure on and making Grace see stars.

"That's—almost as hard as I like it," Grace manages, and Anissa laughs. Grace grabs her behind and pulls her in, and Anissa wraps her arms around her. The kisses come fast and hard, mostly teeth and tongue, and it feels darn good to do this with someone as strong as she is, and not just because Anissa is putting the kind of pressure on Grace's pleasure zone that would be painful to a normal woman.

Anissa was right: she won't break easy.

"Oh, heck, I'm—come on, just—" Grace feels like she's clinging desperately, her fingers squeezing Anissa's behind hard enough to leave marks as she keeps thrusting, but Anissa just adds more pressure, and Grace feels surrounded and pinned and overwhelmed, and the intimate release hits her like a bullet.

Anissa moves back slightly, enough to give Grace room to breathe, and Grace finds that she doesn't really want room. She reaches up to cup Anissa's breast, smoothing water droplets over her nipple.

Anissa arched an eyebrow at her. "Hard enough?"

Grace grins, shows her teeth. "Getting there." Anissa isn't expecting it, so it's the easiest thing in the world to sweep her legs out from under her and send her tumbling to the floor. She lands flat on her behind, and Grace pounces, straddling her.

"Ow," Anissa scowls up at her, but makes no effort to get out. "You trying to give me more bruises?"

Grace thumbs her nipples, scraping one with her fingernail. "And here I thought you weren't a delicate flower."

"I'm—not." Anissa's voice hitches when Grace leans down to catch one of her nipples between her teeth. She tastes good, clean, strong.

Anissa arches up, pressing her breast up against Grace's face. Grace swipes her tongue over the bud again and again, licking up water droplets from the shower. Her nipples are hard and dark and small, and when Grace uses her teeth again, Anissa bucks hard.

Fingers tangle in her hair, scraping her scalp. "Grace, I— you—"

"Mmm," Grace lets her tongue drag from Anissa's nipple over to her sternum, and she can feel her breath stuttering under her mouth. She doesn't have to ask what Anissa wants; it's there in her eyes and her fingers clenched in Grace's hair. And Grace—she doesn't need to make Anissa beg, not tonight.

"Yes," Anissa hisses when Grace slides two fingers against her intimate area. When she pushes them sharply up and in, Anissa growls and grabs Grace's shoulders, pulling her down for a kiss, sucking on Grace's tongue.