“Yes, well, that’s nice. But, um,” she cleared her throat and her eyes flew between his and the book. “That book is, well, it’s one I’ve wanted for a long time, you see, and since you’re not a pathologist...” She smiled in what she hoped was a charming way.

“Don’t flirt, Molly. You’re not very good at it.”

Molly flushed angrily and tried to grab the book out of his hands but he only lifted it out of her reach. She cursed herself for being so short and him for being so tall.

“Sherlock. I didn’t come here to be insulted by you. I can go to work for that. I came here to buy that book. A book you know I’ve wanted for months because I’ve talked about it. So unless you are actually intending to buy it, I would like to have it.” She crossed her arms and tilted her nose up, her jaw set stubbornly.

Sherlock smirked and leaned down slightly to meet her eyes, slowly lowering the book. “But I am buying it.”

Molly took a deep breath and with one quick movement managed to snatch the book from Sherlock’s clutches.

“Oh, looks like I have the last copy,” she said sweetly. “Sorry, but you’ll have to wait until they get a new shipment in.” She turned on her heels and started for the register but was stopped short by a hand on her arm.

“Molly. I told you I was buying the book,” Sherlock reached for it but Molly put her arm behind her back and shook her head.

“No. I know I’m being really petty for this, but I want this book.” She stepped back as he took a step forward but bumped into the bookcase and couldn’t move any further, which meant that she was trapped and barely an inch separated her from Sherlock. She swallowed and felt her stomach flip nervously. He was trying to use her attraction and feelings for him against her. It wasn’t going to work this time.

“Molly Hooper,” he spoke sternly. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she held the book more tightly and pressed back into the bookcase as far as possible, leaving no room for the book to move unless she released it.

“Molly,” he spoke softly and one of his hands was suddenly slowly trailing down the arm she had behind her. Goosebumps rose up on her skin and she had to remind herself to breathe when his arm somehow wrapped around her, his hand resting over hers on the book. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she whispered. He frowned in frustration.