The sounds of grotesque squelching would never stop bothering Gamzee. In fact, he found it to be the best part. At that moment, he had his bulge deeply inside his best friend’s eye socket, lazily moving his hips to continue indulging in his pleasure. He gripped the bull-like horns and went deep with each thrust, relishing in the fact that the muscles were so worn out from repeated use that it felt like a nook.

A clear voice in the back of Gamzee’s head told him it was wrong, that he shouldn’t be doing this. However, Tavros’ head was just so perfect to hold, and it took in his bulge like a hungry mouth. His brain was mush anyway, and if one socket got too loose, he had another eye to pop and penetrate.

The first time was difficult; he found his best friend’s body lying there, a lance through the middle of his chest, and his legs splayed out in an improper manner. Of course, he took his best bud's body home, cleaned it up nicely, and wanted to preserve his friend’s dignity. However, when his mind caved in on him, no longer being held back by sopor, he began to desire Tavros. He had an obsession with Tavros’ eyes, and the way he looked at Gamzee was too much. He wanted to engage in sexual activity with the dead troll. Initially, he thought it was wrong to act upon his urges, but it got to a point where he no longer just wanted to have Tavros’ nook.

So, he decided to dispose of the body and keep the best part of his buddy - those eyes, still filled with innocence. Gamzee carefully scooped out one of the eyes and preserved it in a glass of sopor. The first time he tried it was one of the best moments in his life; entering the virgin hole of Tavros’ eye socket and feeling the squeeze of the insides against his bulge. It was almost euphoric. Releasing inside the skull, the material would leak out of the eye socket, mixing together with blood. Gamzee was close to climaxing again this time, quickening his pace and holding onto his friend’s hair. Once he had finished, he cleaned and prepared Tavros’ head like a highblood’s treasure. Tavros would be his forever, Gamzee would make sure of it.

“I got you brother, I always got you.”