“’d stroke his shaft to it and stuck the leaves of his mate’s book together, he’d believed they were about to embrace here—Bull’s fists in Edric’s tunic and Edric swimming in the intensity of Bull’s emotions. He’d had a fascination with Bull, looking back, but now that Bull was Iron Bull, someone he cherished completely, this situation was even more unbearable. 

Edric’s lips quivered. “I,” he stammered, but his throat was so parched. Iron Bull was supposed to say more here, but Edric couldn’t force it out. 

Bull’s hands had become Iron Bull’s, tender and gentle and caressing Edric’s exposed throat above his collar in soothing movements. 

“Then you will learn from me,” Bull said, foregoing Edric’s line entirely. He released Edric’s tunic without straightening the collar, and Edric stumbled slightly without Bull directly in front of him. Bull caught him and righted him, when he should’ve been bending down to retrieve his weapon—bow, but Edric couldn’t complain about the inaccuracy; this was just as much Iron Bull and Edric as it was Bull and Iron Bull. 

“Shouldn’t we spar first, determine who should learn from whom?” Edric asked. 

It was all Iron Bull who replied. He rose with the bow and a quirk of his lips that Bull wouldn’t, and rested a hand on Edric’s chest as if he knew it belonged there.

“Since I only know archery and have no clue if you learned the sword along with the bow and arrow, I don’t think it would do for Bull to lose,” Iron Bull said. He went up on his tiptoes to brush his lips against Edric’s, but refrained from moving that extra inch to touch them with his own mouth. It felt right for Edric and Iron Bull, but it didn’t for Bull and Iron Bull. 

Iron Bull was right, although it was disappointing. There was nothing like their sword fight—the intense back and forth between Bull and Edric with the fenced-in area being their entire world. Bull so determined to prove his worth and Edric needing to show how much he valued the master had been a theme in many of Edric’s earliest relationships, even though it was often Edric who was Bull then. Their fight concluded with Bull over Edric, sweat and rain alike running down Bull’s face and onto Edric’s while they both panted in unison; Bull had won. 

Edric pulled away from Iron Bull and stepped over the fence and into the ring as Iron Bull removed his tunic and left nothing but sweaty, distracting muscles for Edric to try not to look at, but that was Bull as well. Iron Bull didn’t have nearly as much difficulty as Edric did with attractive men standing half-naked in front of him. 

“I can’t control the weather, so I’m afraid we’ll have to do this without the cliché rain,” Iron Bull said, and Edric removed his tunic as well. Now that Edric had experience fighting in soaked-through shirts, he often questioned the author’s reasons for having Bull and the master remove their shirts since ‘it was sticking to me’ didn’t have as much hold. 

Iron Bull picked up the bow from where it was placed so he could remove his tunic without stabbing himself, and when he stood back up, strong but worn down, he was all Bull again.

Bull strode over to Edric, where Iron Bull was hunched over and feeling lost for having been defeated, and handed the bow to Edric with the handle out. Once Edric took the bow and slid his hand under the guard, Bull stood back on his heels with his chest out and hands behind his back like a mock-up of parade rest.

“First position,” Bull said, and Edric moved. The book hadn’t described first position, nor any of the others for that matter, but Edric had learned bow basics even if the Tal-vashoth had taught him in a much more lenient manner.

Bull walked in a tight circle around him, his eyes scanning Edric to pinpoint errors, and Iron Bull’s pausing over the stretch of Edric’s shoulders and the strength of his arms. Edric trembled with the effort of staying still, especially with the intense gaze of Iron Bull on him.

Bull circled behind him, and Edric let his eyes fall shut; he knew what was coming next. Bull’s bare chest pressed against Edric’s back, and the mild arousal Edric had been simmering in intensified—his manhood began pressing against the front of his pants.

For all of Iron Bull’s complaints about being cold in the south, he consistently felt hot against Edric’s skin, burning like the fire he commanded in battle, burning like the heat Iron Bull sparked in his veins.

Bull’s breath was warm and steady against the skin between Edric’s shoulder blades, and Edric was caught between--”