“Don't they want to leave the circus too?”

“Wufei certainly won't.” Heero dismissed the idea.

“Do you want to contact him? We can be sure the conversation is secure.”

“If Duo can create a double-layer encryption algorithm and avoid using a secure connection, I'm not going to associate with him anymore.”

Trowa smiled and took out his sleek, black, untraceable phone. Heero had reconfigured the electronics for everyone in the circus, ensuring lower energy consumption, reduced expenses, and completely secure conversations. Trowa and Heero weren't the only fugitives in the circus.

Heero took the phone and activated the scrambling sequence before dialing the number on the screen. It rang twice before a familiar voice answered.

“Shinigami speaking.”

“This is Wing. Tell me, Shinigami, how are the beaches on L2 at this time of year?”

Trowa could almost imagine the smile on Duo's face. “Let me check my security, Wing, and maybe I can see that unpleasant face of yours?”

After some rustling sounds and a curse, more electronics hummed to life. Then their phone flashed with the request to establish a video connection. Heero placed the phone on their coffee table, enabled the speakers, and opened the connection. The phone projected a holographic image that placed Duo's face at their eye level. Their old friend looked good - a bit broader in the shoulders, a bit tired, with a day's worth of stubble on his face, but overall, good. Being in a relationship appeared to suit him.

“Damn, it's good to see you guys,” Duo grinned broadly. “And Tro is there. I wasn't sure. I couldn't dig too deep - didn't want to leave a trail for anyone to follow.”

“So unofficially you're looking for him,” Trowa confirmed, his hand gripping Heero's shoulder protectively.

“I wouldn't betray you guys!” Duo seemed genuinely hurt. “I'm only finishing my contract because Fei wants me to. Six more months and we're out of here.”

A tired voice came from the background, “Duo, who are you yelling at? It's three in the morning.”

Duo turned towards their bedroom. “Heero and Trowa. Come and say hi, babe!”

An irritated mutter was his only response. Duo shrugged and picked up his phone, taking it into their bedroom and placing it in front of a grouchy Chinese man. Wufei had grown his hair out and was trying to sleep with it loose, so when he looked up at the phone, it covered his eyes. It was kind of adorable, if you could use that term for a lethal martial artist.

Wufei scowled into the phone and said, “So, you're together then? About time.”

Heero blushed with embarrassment but quickly regained composure. “What news do you have, Duo? You know it's risky to be in contact with us.”

“You haven't told them yet? What have you been talking about?” Wufei asked grumpily.

“Go back to sleep, babe. I'll tell them, I promise.” Duo smoothed back his hair and gave him a kiss before going back to the other room, closing the bedroom door quietly behind him.

“Uh, right,” Duo cleared his throat. “We, um. What I mean is, uh, Fei, he, Wufei proposed. To me. Um, we're getting married three weeks after our Preventers contract is up.”

Heero looked genuinely surprised, but his face lit up with a smile that Trowa rarely got to see. Before they got together, Heero had a serious crush on Duo. He hadn't known how to express it then, but he'd pursued Duo in his own way for years. Trowa probably was the only one who knew that Heero joined the soldier program to get away from Duo and Wufei's open, apparent happiness without him. Wufei hadn't taken Duo - Duo had asked him out. And neither of them recognized Heero's carefully concealed feelings. The only reason Trowa knew was because he harbored similar hidden feelings for Heero.

“We really want you and Trowa to be there,” Duo said softly.

Heero's face fell. “You know I can't, Duo.”

“Actually, that's something else I wanted to talk to you about.”

Trowa sat up, alert and tense. He placed two fingers into Heero's collar to prevent him from leaving, but he could feel Heero's muscles tighten underneath him. He didn't want to have to pack up everything, leave his family and friends, and disappear, but he would. He would do--