Dorian showed that it was a good size with four beds and a cot made up in it.

“I figured this one would be best for any guards that came along since it is the closest one to the door in case of an attack,” Dorian said, and Sera peered curiously around the doorway.

“This house has those fancy passageways for the slaves?” she asked.

“Ah, yes,” Dorian answered warily.

Sera bolted into the room and pulled at the tapestries and wall hangings before making a happy noise and plopping down on the bed directly next to the one she’d just peeked under.

“I’ll take this one,” she said cheerily.

“If I find buckets of water in my doorways or fish hidden in the walls I will send you to sleep out in the tents,” Dorian said, and Sera only smiled wider.

“Well, I’m definitely going to regret this,” he mumbled to himself, and led Varaad and Vivienne to a room across the hall and one door over. Varaad silently agreed.

The next room was a smaller one with only two beds big enough for two people, though it had room for cots if needed. Vivienne walked into the room without any prompting and set the small pack she’d pulled off her horse next to the furthest bed from the door. Varaad moved to follow, but Dorian caught his wrist.

“If you’d like, you can stay in mine,” Dorian said softly, and Varaad’s heart leapt in his throat.

Dorian had never stayed in Varaad’s room much back in Skyhold—Varaad took up so much room on top of his snoring and being a blanket hog, and Dorian held onto his partners like a little octopus, which wouldn’t be so bad if he didn’t generate so much heat. It seemed like an idea that would cut all this happiness at seeing each other again short.

Dorian seemed to read his silence accurately though, and he shifted his grip on Varaad’s wrist as he said, “I know, I know, but I missed you. And I had a cot set up there just in case.”

“Then I will stay with you.”

They shared a soft kiss in the hallway, nothing with need or anything—just expressing their happiness at seeing each other again, and feeling so full of each other breathing the same air— and then Dorian led them to a door in the very back left, some distance from the front rooms he’d shown to Sera and Vivienne.