"*Yes.*" Tim's eyes are open now, and when he rocks his hips, his cock almost brushes Kon's lips. "Don't stop, I--please."

Kon is good with the not-stopping. He sucks Tim's dick into his mouth, as far as he can go, stopping anything else he might have said. That makes Tim cry out and rock his hips again, and Kon gags a little but it's okay. It's okay because Tim is right here, in his *mouth,* surrounding him and Kon thinks he might come just from this.

Kon probably isn't doing this as well as he could; he knows he's drooling, and he can't go down far enough. But Tim is making these noises, and his hands are carding and groping Kon's hair, and when Kon squeezes his thigh Tim says his name, all high-pitched and breathy. It's incentive to suck as hard as he can, and he can't really get any tongue action in with Tim's cock pressing against the back of his throat, but he does the best he can. He sucks and swallows until his mouth aches from it, and doesn't pull off until Tim comes, pressing his abs up against Kon's nose. 

Kon sits up, working his mouth and cracking his jaw. His lips sort of tingle. 

Tim looks dazed, his lips parted and his chest heaving. "Did I, I'm sorry. Your--" He pants, reaching out to touch Kon's lips, his chin. 

"I'm fine." Kon squeezes Tim's hand and leans in to kiss Tim. It's sloppy because he kind of misses, at first, but then Tim grabs the back of his head and kisses back and just sort of... clings to him.

Tim breaks the kiss to drag his mouth along Kon's cheek, sighing in his ear. Kon can't help rocking against him, and Tim rocks back, and *fuck* but Kon is hard. 

"Heh." He can feel Tim smiling against his cheek, and then all he can focus on is Tim's *strong* hand wrapped around his dick. 

"Shit," Kon manages to gasp out, and then Tim is moving and Kon is moving and somehow things end up so that Kon is sprawled on his back, Tim perching on top of him. Kon's feet are tangled up in the bedsheets.

Tim's hand is still on Kon's dick, squeezing him through Kon's pants. The pants that *really* need to not be on him anymore. "What do you want?"

