Niall sat at the building and headed off to his apartment.

Hope you enjoyed! Pleasepleaseplease review. ^^

And the tragedy continues...

I hope anyone who reads this doesn't hate me, haha.

The days passed slowly for them all. Zayn got a new lock for his doors to keep the other boys out. He needed to be alone, needed to try to salvage what was left of him.

He wasn't hurting- it just felt like his body was there but the rest had died with Niall. The only time he hurt was when someone said Niall's name aloud; a sharp pain would run through him, and the sense of loss grew greater. That was why he had locked himself away- he couldn't stand being with other people.

He felt emptier every day. No matter where he went in his house, he was reminded of Niall. In the kitchen he could see him, throwing back his head to laugh as he went through Zayn's fridge. In the living room he saw him watching telly, remembering the lazy smile that would be on his face as he played with Zayn's hair. In the guest room he saw him bouncing on the bed, singing some Justin Bieber song, and sneaking to Zayn's room in the middle of the night and curling up by him.

He'd left so much stuff there. Albums, clothes, movies- even two guitars. He had a toothbrush by the bathroom sink that Zayn hadn't touched and a comb on the shelf by the mirror that he had left perfectly aligned with Zayn's. Zayn always set his own back where it had been.

Niall had even left dishes. Plates and bowls that had held leftovers, his mug from back home, and silverware. Zayn smiled softly, remembering when Niall had come to visit and realized he had a fork, spoon, and butterknife in his pocket from breakfast.

Zayn walked into the living room, stopping by the telly. Several of Niall's movies were stacked by Zayn's. His pillow with the four leaf clover on it was resting on the couch, and a pair of white supras stuck out from under the recliner where Niall had taken them off and left them. One of his snapbacks was on the coffee table, and Zayn brushed his fingers over it reverently.

He wandered into his bedroom, a second smile turning up the corners of his mouth before dropping. A wood chair was turned around against the left wall, several outfits piled on it haphazardly. More of Niall's shoes were poking out from under the bed, mixed up with Zayn's.

It had felt right when Niall stayed over, like it was what was meant to be. Niall's stuff was everywhere, and it had felt almost home-like. But that was stupid- nothing would happen now. He hadn't taken his chances. Maybe if he'd told Niall he wouldn't have shot himself.

It hit him like a freight train, knocking the breath out of him and forcing him to his knees. He could have stopped it. He'd noticed that Niall had been acting weird- he should have acted on it.

"I'm sorry!" he doubled over, feeling as if his whole being was consumed by guilt. He made his way to his nightstand and grabbed his razor with shaking hands.
"I'm so sorry..."

For a while it was all thin lines and red blood, until he came back to himself, realizing there was a puddle on the carpet and half-dried blood all over his clothes. He bandaged his cuts and unconsciously made his way to the wood chair, grabbing one of Niall's sweaters and sliding it over his head.

Niall's scent
