His eyes widened, and he didn’t think he could say anything rational. "*Are you— I mean, is this... Uh.*" Anything coherent, at any rate.

"*Yes.*" Tim’s eyes were wide open now, and when he instinctively moved his hips, his member almost brushes Kon's lips. "Don’t stop, I—please..."

Kon, being skilled at not stopping, promptly engulfs Tim's member in his mouth, silencing any other remarks he might've made. Tim responds with a cry and more hip movements; Kon feels a slight gag, but it's worth it because Tim is right there, all around him, and Kon feels like he could come just from this.

Kon probably isn't as skilled at this as he could be; he knows he's drooling, and he can't go down far enough. But Tim’s responses are making him continue, and when Kon runs his hands through Tim’s hair, Tim murmurs his name, high-pitched and breathy. It motivates him to suck as hard as he can, even if he can't really use his tongue with Tim’s member pressing against the back of his throat. He sucks and swallows until his mouth aches, and only stops when Tim reaches climax, pressing his abdomen against Kon's nose.

Kon sits up, working his mouth and cracking his jaw. His lips sort of tingle.

Tim looks dazed, with parted lips and heaving chest. "Did I, I'm sorry. Your—" He gasps, reaching out to touch Kon's lips, his chin.

"I'm fine." Kon squeezes Tim's hand and leans in to kiss Tim. It's messy at first, but when Tim grabs the back of Kon’s head and kisses back, just clinging to him.

Tim breaks the kiss to drag his mouth along Kon's cheek, sighing in his ear. Kon can't help but grind against him, and then Tim grinds back, and Kon is hard.

"Heh." He can feel Tim smiling against his cheek, before Tim's firm hand wraps around Kon’s member.

"Shit," Kon gasps, then Tim moves, and Kon moves, until they end up with Kon sprawled on his back, Tim perched on top of him. Kon’s feet are tangled in the bedsheets.

Tim’s hand is still on Kon’s member, applying pressure through Kon's pants. The pants really need to come off. "What do you want?"

 

"I—fuck, Tim." Kon weakly laughs before blinking. "Dude. Are you— is that a Superman t-shirt?"

Tim makes an impatient noise and swiftly removes his shirt, tossing it to the floor. "Not anymore."

That's straight out of a porn line, and Kon wants to laugh, but Tim's hand is back. He starts undoing Kon's fly and pushing his pants and boxers down. Kon moans, pushing into Tim’s hand, which is when, of course, Tim withdraws his hand.

"What do you want?" Tim’s giving him a look like ‘stop messing around during training,’ which Kon thinks is unfair right now.

"I—fuck, anything." Tim just raises an eyebrow, and Kon hurriedly adds, "Fuck. I want to have sex with you."

"Hmm." Tim slides his hands underneath Kon's t-shirt, playing with his nipples. He no longer looks sleepy. "Okay."

Kon grins. "Okay?" He runs his hands up Tim's thighs, and Tim almost looks... shy as he smiles.

"Yeah. Okay."

Tim pushes Kon's shirt off, and Kon uses his TTK to remove his pants and briefs as quickly as humanly possible. They tear a bit, but he's far from concerned. Then, then, he can roll them over and kiss Tim some more—but before he gets the chance, Tim shifts out of his grasp and turns over onto his stomach.

Kon has the same view he had before, when Tim was asleep, except now Tim's naked. Naked and sweaty and arching his back a little, *naked,* and Kon runs his hands over Tim's thighs, his buttocks, before he can even think about it.

"There’s lotion," Tim says, sounding different, muffled by the pillow. "On the nightstand—or somewhere—"

"No," Kon says, too distracted by—the situation—

